Update Cylance readme (#2960)
elastic/integrations: packages/cylance/docs/README.md

# Cylance integration

> This integration is for [Cylance devices'](https://docs.blackberry.com/en) logs. It includes the following

Reviewer: I think it would be better to link more directly to the product.

```suggestion
This integration is for [Cylance](https://www.blackberry.com/us/en/products/unified-endpoint-security/blackberry-protect) logs. It includes the following
```

Reviewer 2: Done
